HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America P…  will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:…  hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack....  forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation:…  “FX” Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning!…  ADDRESS🇺🇸  MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!FLORIDA-Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RES…  ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information 1-800-342-3557 1-800-FL-HELP-1…  told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people.Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border securityDoes anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to th…  to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son, Eric "Luke" Trump this morning!  devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!RT @LouDobbs: Making America Great Again- @Kellyannepolls: After #Irma @POTUS is focused on saving lives, not swamp shenanigans. #Dobbs #MA…May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911   @Scavino45: Hurricane force winds hit Florida Keys. 390 shelters have been opened in Florida. Shelters near you➡️ @SecretarySonny: Serious @Cabinet meeting today, called by @POTUS at Camp David. Reports on #Irma's track, potential impact, fed &amp; state…RT @TravelGov: Continue to notify us of US citizens overseas impacted by #HurricaneIrma &amp; #HurricaneJose.   @KellyannePolls: Love and prayers for friends Adrienne &amp; Eric Bolling. May Eric Chase know eternal peace.  @NYPDnews: Many supported NYers when Sandy hit. Now our NY Task Force-1 can be there to help others during Harvey &amp; #HurricaneIrma. Here…RT @seanhannity: @ericbolling To my dear friend, please know we all love you, will be here for you and your family.RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great pic from a friend on @CBPflorida @CustomsBorder who have been helping with #harvey recovery and now with #irma. T…RT @Scavino45: Florida Governor Rick @FLGovScott. #HurricaineIrma  @EricTrump: Please stay safe #Florida! You are in our thoughts and we are praying for you! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!"If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many…  is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed ALL instructions from…  Visit  to find shelters, road closures, &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list:…  in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).A message to my fellow Americans🇺🇸#IrmaHurricane2017🎥  must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials!  my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to conf…  we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PRO…  to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:…  all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!RT @GOP: .@IvankaTrump: This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda. @WhiteHouse: The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators. Learn more:  @GOP: .@POTUS: I want to work with Congress, Republicans, and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, and pro-Amer…Thank you, our great honor!  Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMAWe want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICA…  we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax re…  you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer…  to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks:…  spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto…  Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'➡️  @VP: .@POTUS is committed to the health &amp; well-being of the US people &amp; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo…Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.RT @The_Trump_Train: @realDonaldTrump Make no mistake, we are going to put the interest of AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST! The forgotten men &amp; w…I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.RT @DanScavino: 'Trump as Commander in Chief, Making the Hard Decisions' by LTG (Ret) Kellogg, a highly decorated Vietnam War Vet:  get ready to do your job - DACA!Big week coming up!We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay!  United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard…  Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!RT @Team_Trump45: @realDonaldTrump   @ColumbiaBugle: @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS President Trump greeting families affected by Hurricane Harvey. #TexasStrong  @ColumbiaBugle: @realDonaldTrump Love our @FLOTUS!  we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸  We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore,…  for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with y…  behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief,…  will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.Stock Market up 5 months in a row!'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas…  is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong  @FoxNews: .@KellyannePolls on Harvey recovery: We hope when it comes to basic Hurricane Harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis…RT @SecShulkin: Our Mobile Vet Center set up and ready to help #Veterans impacted by #HurricaneHarvey in Corpus Christi.  responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent t…  @IvankaTrump: We must reform our tax code so that all Americans can succeed in our modern economy &amp; achieve the American Dream! #TaxRefo…Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to rest…  be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!RT @BrazoriaCounty:    We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngleLeaving now for Texas!RT @TheFive: "Trump just won on law &amp; order and now he's delivering the goods." -@jessebwatters #thefiveRT @TXMilitary: #PhotosFromTheField: Aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today. #Harvey #TMDHarvey @USNationalGuard  @NWSHouston: Historic flooding is still ongoing across the area. If evacuated, please DO NOT return home until authorities indicate it i…RT @GregAbbott_TX: Thanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans. #HurricaneHarvey  @Inspire_Us: No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother TeresaRT @KatiePavlich: Your boss pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans. Spar…RT @DineshDSouza: Finally, as if by accident, the @washingtonpost breaks down &amp; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!Major rescue operations underway!Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.A great book by a great guy, highly recommended!  coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas!  monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!RT @VP: All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting  for critical updates on #Hurric…RT @EPAScottPruitt: Thoughts and prayers for those in Texas &amp; Louisiana. I am closely monitoring #Harvey developments along with @fema &amp; @E…You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe.  @GovAbbott: To ensure your safety ahead of #Harvey heed warnings from local officials &amp; review important safety information.  will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you!…  am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials.  a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock,…  have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed.Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!Nick Adams, "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake NewsIf Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!RT @EricTrump: Honored to speak at the RNC Summer Meeting in Nashville Tennessee this evening! @GOP #MAGA @GOPChairwoman 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @GregAbbott_TX: Spoke with Pres. Trump &amp; heads of Homeland Security &amp; FEMA. They're helping Texas respond to #HurricaneHarvey.  GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the…  #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead. ☑️ ☑️…  Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of @ICEgov &amp; @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We…  only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....RT @JerryTravone: @realDonaldTrump   do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE…  great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.…  long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to…  Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp; border!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #PhoenixRally  only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our…  you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at:…  YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona &amp; a…  will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one o…  you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA🇺🇸Tickets:   pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and th…  with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!Address to the NationFull Video &amp; Transcript:  you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA🇺🇸  @marcorubio: Good #AfghanStrategy &amp; excellent speech by @POTUS laying it out to the nation.Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia. ➡️ you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control!  Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway.  back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp; we will heal, &amp; be stronger than ever before!Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks SMy thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESMToday, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont➡️…  returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military!…  have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont:  @hughhewitt: @realDonaldTrump I spoke to a group of influential CA GOPers tonight, long time activists, bundlers, influencers. Support f…RT @hughhewitt: #NeverTrumpers elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that @realDonaldTrump supporters are deserting.…Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong, we love you!...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists......THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks:…  me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:…  in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by…  landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA 🎥 @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market, Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor…Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!!  John!  @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp; violence in Ch…Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio  According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.RT @JackPosobiec: Meanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend, 9 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that?  good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!RT @foxandfriends: Sec. Mattis: If North Korea fires missile at US, it's 'game on'  @FiIibuster: @realDonaldTrump We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you, President Tru…Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGART @axios: The DOJ is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in Charlottesville  @FoxNews: .@AlanDersh: Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea   @DailyCaller: Guam Governor To Trump: I’ve Never Felt Safer Than ‘With You At The Helm’   @SecretService: Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families, friends &amp; colleagues of #Virginia's @VSPPIO Lt Cullen &amp; Tpr Bates #Charlot…Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are…  must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST.  is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#Charlottesville  me live from Bedminster, New Jersey:  in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. 🎥  promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thr…  Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg  want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are....  @PacificCommand: #USAF B-1B Lancer #bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK’s #FightTonight mission if called upon to do so  solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!RT @foxandfriends: Trump fires new warning shot at McConnell, leaves door open on whether he should step down  @foxandfriends: Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump  @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab  approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men"  will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 @narendramodiMitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace, Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: North Korea responds to U.S. with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung Un “he is grossly…RT @ProgressPolls: Who is a better President of the United States? #ObamaDayCan you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare!RT @markets: U.S. job openings surge to record  via @ShoChandra  @TheFive: "@POTUS being unpredictable is a big asset, North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do."- @jessebwattersRT @AmbJohnBolton: Our country &amp; civilians are vulnerable today because @BarackObama did not believe in national missile defense. Let’s nev…#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸  Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace, why not done?...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with "fire &amp; fury" in a warning to the rogue nation ht…RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured @foxandfriends: Trump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat  @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents  @foxandfriends: U.S. Air Force jets take off from Guam for training, ensuring they can 'fight tonight'  @TheFive: "Media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report."-@jessebwatters #thefiveSenator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!RT @FoxNews: Jobs added during @POTUS' time in office.  200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.RT @foxandfriends: OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported  @foxandfriends: Anthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada  @foxandfriends: U.S. spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat  think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was thereHow much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸  how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; military security,ISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.RT @IvankaTrump: The Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce. Thanks Kim for sharing your story!  AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.Thank you Nicole!  many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!RT @RightlyNews: "What's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats?" -@jessebwatters on t…"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated" is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸  @FoxNews: More than 1 million jobs added since @POTUS took office.   @IvankaTrump: Since @realDonaldTrump inauguration, over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy! #MAGART @dcexaminer: Emails show Washington Post, New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meeting  work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an…  matter the mission, the brave men &amp; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and…  @paultdove: @FoxBusiness Republican Senators who are opposing the President, look at the great economic news: Americans Are Noticing!RT @Bet22325450ste: @FoxBusiness @foxandfriends Come on America. Get on the Trump Train. The winners already have boarded! The losers are w…RT @FoxBusiness: #BreakingNews: U.S. employers added 209,000 jobs in July, unemployment rate down to 4.3% #JobsReport  @foxandfriends: .@JudgeJeanine: There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a Trump family member…RT @RealJamesWoods: I've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place.…Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.RT @Team_Trump45: @realDonaldTrump We won. Move on.  confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to…  arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at:…  I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our…  you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸Tickets:   relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow.Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump The #MAGA great again movement is WINNING, and the left-wing media can't stand it!RT @foxandfriends: Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans  love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUEI campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch:…  the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome" was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our…  business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here:…  the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!A great day at the White House!RT @foxandfriends: .@Suffolk_Sheriff praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority  Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines &amp; more....they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGAUnless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military &amp; low oil price…  will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay:…  would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my AdministrationI am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradica…  will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESMHarrisburg, Pennsylvania…  though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes....If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIV…  we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many…  me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise…  progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting."One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....RT @townhallcom: ABC, NBC, And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office  on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful T.V. show in America."Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeIn…  to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks:…  AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!🎥 dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got........victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening!  was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful…  arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸🎥  you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!➡️…  Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!  American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the t…  be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand.Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers!Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannityIs Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE &amp; CH…  senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks…  at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD.....  have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia."Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:☑️Keep the watch🇺🇸☑️Protect her🇺🇸☑️Defend her🇺🇸☑️LOVE HE…  steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NO…  ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy…  me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!➡️ #USA  is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWSThis morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va.The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National SecurityA new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem🇺🇸Remarks:…  record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:…  This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is t…  months in - it is the hope of GROWTH📈that is making America🇺🇸FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS💰RICHER." -Stuart @VarneyCo…   of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck &amp; Pfizer:…  am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America.…  The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA🇺🇸  and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon.  Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!RT @FoxNews: U.S. Markets since election.  Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the…  ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final roun…  got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸  be at the Women's U.S. Open today!Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation…  @EmmanuelMacron,Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France.…  landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security.The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 🇺🇸🇫🇷  was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations Preside…  Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with Fran…  bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and…  @EmmanuelMacron,Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today!  and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Milita…  landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania.  WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act!…  JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸  market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA🇺🇸  rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI."After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture."  W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed.RT @foxandfriends: Getting the job done! Sen. Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill  when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!RT @FoxNews: .@jessebwatters on @DonaldJTrumpJr meeting with Russian attorney: "I believe Don Jr. is the victim here." #TheFive  son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: U.S. flexes its defense muscles, destroys incoming test missile off coast of Alaska  wins against ISIS!Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!RT @foxandfriends: SEN. CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed. We should work every day until it is don…RT @foxandfriends: White House calls out Senate Democrats for obstructing nominees  @foxandfriends: Head of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia  @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: Comey went silent when I asked him about his memos, which raised a lot of eyebrows.  @seanhannity: HRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM! Lynch BC tarmac: it's a "matte…If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!RT @foxandfriends: Report accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information  @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've failed to represent ha…RT @RealJamesWoods: Only now with a #RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #Obama and the #Democrat cabal.  @realD…The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp; did!Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, &amp; many other negative things, will be guarded.....We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind!  Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea.Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20SummitThe #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!We will fight the #FakeNews with you!  first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA  you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial:   will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA🇺🇸Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea.My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the w…  WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!  is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and ext…  behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱#ICYMI, watch here➡️   to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ➡️…  between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.#HappyIndependenceDay #USA🇺🇸  prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!#HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA🇺🇸  Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump When Obama was President, the #MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a…Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.RT @Reince: With a strong candidate in @POTUS &amp; @GOP revolutionary data program, Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp; so much else!Will be speaking with Italy this morning!Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, &amp; G…  Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!…  #FNN  will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in…  use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic…  Address🇺🇸 #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement:   Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp; @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American…  era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely…  am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, b…  low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad showCrime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene…  it comes to the future of America’s energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT.…  on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.  news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow."Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria"  me LIVE with @VP, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. #UnleashingAmericanEnergy AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives  the House votes on two crucial bills:☑️#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct ☑️#KatesLaw ☑️Pass these bills &amp; lets…  Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety…  my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks…  purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up.  I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more…  was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ⚾️ to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.…  on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:…  #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!RT @foxandfriends: HAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kate’s Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act'  of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!RT @ericbolling: Good morning friends!  "The Swamp" out today.  President Trump has a copy... get yours here  #maga…RT @foxandfriends: President Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the FBI  @foxandfriends: Another Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case  @foxandfriends: Hannity: Russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on Democrats  @foxandfriends: Mark Levin: The collusion is among the Democrats  @JeffTutorials: @realDonaldTrump   CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, &amp; WIN!From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!RT @WhiteHouse: FACT: when #Obamacare was signed, CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. They were off by 100%. Only 10.3M people…Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!RT @WhiteHouse: Today @POTUS will welcome the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi, to the White House.  @WhiteHouse: #Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American…Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia......and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸  it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise…  helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!RT @foxandfriends: POTUS the predictor? President Trump foretold housing upswing in 2012  @foxnation: .@SenTedCruz: I want to Get to a 'Yes' Vote:  &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @MarineBand:…  all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise  we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸  am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. "@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation" there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia.Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN…  landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."Things are looking great for Karen H!It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.➡️…  I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video:  HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAYRT @SheriffClarke: Happy Father's Day to all dads. My dad. Like father, like son, @realDonaldTrump supporters to the end. He an Airborne Ra…Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote "R"RT @joegooding: What's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump it's an assault on the American people…RT @FoxNews: New Poll Shows @POTUS Approval at 50 Percent and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement:   was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️…  he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent........getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ➡️…  Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen HRT @WhiteHouse: Happy Father's Day!  David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Not surprising at all! Father Of Otto Warmbier: Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet, Trump Admin Brought Him Home   @DiamondandSilk: The Media Says:  The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia.  Well, Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice &amp; S…The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th…  @seanhannity: #Hannity Starts in 30 minutes with @newtgingrich and my monologue on the Deep State’s allies in the mediaBack from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"Memorandum…  by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba"Video:   news! #MAGA  am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch HuntDespite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around themAfter 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians,"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!#CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️  you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @GovWalker. Remarks…  H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGAThey made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. NiceJust left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!RT @TuckerCarlson: .@RichardGrenell : @realDonaldTrump told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring #OttoWarmbier home…The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo…  arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸  million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!RT @Corrynmb: @realDonaldTrump Liberals have an agenda and it's not in America's best interest. Keep fighting the good fight! We stand with…Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!Full ceremony:   held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and br…  'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania'  will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.…  on @foxandfriends now!Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!RT @foxandfriends: .@GeraldoRivera: Chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with Comey's testimony  @foxandfriends: "Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any…My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector...America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek…  to start building in our country, with American workers &amp; with American iron, aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to…  is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, &amp; yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY O…  great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit.…  honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God.…  to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!RT @AlanDersh: We should stop talking about obstruction of justice. No plausible case. We must distinguish crimes from pol sins  reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch➡️ meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn…  we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay…  and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WHDuring my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne, Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3…RT @foxandfriends: Sen. Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans  right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!➡️…  decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! ➡️…  excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worseWhatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge...#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸  @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸  @HeyTammyBruce: Coming up at 720a ET on @foxandfriends! See you there! 🇺🇸 #magaRT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President Trump’s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America…RT @Reince45: Promise kept. @POTUS exits flawed #ParisAccord to seek better deal for U.S. workers &amp; economy. This WH will always put #Ameri…RT @GOPLeader: .@POTUS made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States.  @Jim_Jordan: President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor…RT @VP: Our President is choosing to put American jobs, American consumers, American energy, and American industry first.  @foxandfriends: Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact  AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸➡️…  me live at the @WhiteHouse.➡️  big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC.It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.  traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:…  will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!RT @foxandfriends: Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting, source says  @Scavino45: President Trump pays respects and  delivers #MemorialDay remarks at Arlington National Cemetery.  U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will changeI look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!Big win in Montana for Republicans!Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary....."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7TaorminaOn behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella.…  are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil➡️ ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. #G7Summit #USA🇺🇸  you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA🇺🇸  ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#NATOMeeting #NATO  @FLOTUS: Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients &amp; getting a tour. #Brussels…Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!  of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC…  civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.  Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation…  @netanyahu: Ever Strongerחזקים תמיד🇮🇱🇺🇸  #POTUSAbroad🇺🇸  transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ➡️ ➡️ #POTUSAbroadRT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful time with the students at the American International School #Riyadh today. #SaudiaArabia  you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES…  to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad   ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek"Proclamation➡️…  great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!🇺🇸🇨🇴Joint Press Conf➡️…  all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!…  was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, to the @WhiteHouse today!  Industrial Production Surged in April'  have been asking Director Comey &amp; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community........to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism.As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and#PoliceWeek Proclamation:   I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch…  @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDayI was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it.…  be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸➡️  I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch…  @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hel…  just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....The Fake Media is working overtime today!Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo…  must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.We finally agree on something Rosie.  Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'➡️…  Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'…  Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp  have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH...  lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN, IRAQ...  Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery' was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers!…  story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.…  Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!RT @IsraeliPM: PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting:In two weeks, Israel will host @POTUS Trump on his first trip as President…Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!RT @brunelldonald: I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted @realDonaldTrump! I…RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "I'm not against the media. I'm against the FAKE media." #CashinIn  will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸  JOBS, JOBS!  course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the…  was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.…  victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:…  spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year' @foxandfriends: President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the National Day of Prayer | @kevincorke  to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the…  story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:…  elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.EO1:  EO2:…  month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation.  plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....NewThe Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!RT @charliekirk11: 100 days ago a new message, leader, &amp; movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people. This is…Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism!Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!RT @foxnation: . @TuckerCarlson : #Dems Don't Really Believe #Trump Is a Pawn of #Russia - That's Just Their Political Tool   Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!RT @foxandfriends: Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she "was troubled by that"  I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:…  Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:…  Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t…  families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro…  I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:…  I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act…  BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania!   U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly....the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:…  at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:…  let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!  I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:  #ICYMI- My statement last night at…  our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:…  wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWallThe Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! IfThe two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriendsVery interesting election currently taking place in France.I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!RT @foxandfriends: Israeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense. Sec Mattis  @foxandfriends: Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city services  5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to…  Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:…  @Scavino45: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump, @IvankaTrump, Jared Kushner, &amp; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya &amp; her brother Basel.#W…WELCOME HOME, AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸  is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they willNo matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!RT @foxandfriends: NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (via @FoxFriendsFirst) h…A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference…  going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. ➡️…  @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!…  I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 Watch…   failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸Watch➡️  learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NOI will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety!See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area' APPROVAL HITS 50% @DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%  super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles."The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriendsThe recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?Happy Easter to everyone!Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the @WhiteHouse on Monday!  Address-   @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL...  was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!  will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirstGreat meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on…  win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.…  Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!RT @foxnation: Grateful Syrians React To @realDonaldTrump Strike: 'I'll Name My Son Donald'  #SyrianStrikesHappy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameachCongratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ…  you @USNavy! #USA  that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack....goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...RT @IvankaTrump: Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan's official…It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP…  JOBS, JOBS!  am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for…  to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver!  you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017…  #CEOTownHall➡️  @DRUDGE_REPORT: RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP?  was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe…  forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th…  ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship..@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBIDid Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.…  real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸  associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked.......use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put…  Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ➡️…  is an exciting time for our country!#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch  #SCOTUS  meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA🇺🇸  was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes…  Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion!Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸…  job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #ObamacareIf @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare.  failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?  Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran…  Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.…  EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session➡️…  the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸Watch here:   was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo…  failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest!  @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ➡️  I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU…  I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea…  irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today!  are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill…  great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.RT @mitchellvii: Trump always ends up being right.  It's almost a little freaky.RT @mitchellvii: EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair: We Cannot Rule Out Sr. Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance  day for healthcare. Working hard!Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained…  to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the…  the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.  #PassTheBill #MAGA🇺🇸…  you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA🇺🇸  Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you!  about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at FoxThe real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!#ICYMI: Weekly Address ➡️  sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse!  President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence" Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: Jihadis using religious visa to enter US, experts warn (via @FoxFriendsFirst)  @foxandfriends: VIDEO: Rep. Scalise — GOP agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill  @AmericaFirstPol: MAJOR IMPACT: @POTUS Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track. #MAGA  @FoxNews: Jobs created in February.  Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!RT @DiamondandSilk: When the President says "You're Fired"     That means: "Pack Yo Stuff and Go, Not Say "You Refuse to Go!  #DrainTheSwam…My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!RT @USHCC: USHCC was delighted to host @IvankaTrump for a roundtable discussion w/ Hispanic women biz owners today in Washington #USHCCLegi…An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. 🇺🇸🇮🇪  budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity:  you Nashville, Tennessee!  Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA🇺🇸  will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better!  JOBS, JOBS!  w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here…  to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S…  listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch:  #ReadTheBill:…  is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!RT @AmericaFirstPol: .@POTUS Trump led a historic journey to the White House. 50 days in, that historic journey continues. Take a look 👉 ht…We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA🇺🇸➡️  @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN:  +235,000  @foxandfriends: "Never give up....that's the worst thing you could do. There's always a chance." -Kyle Coddington's message to those als…Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations…  Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ➡️  what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!RT @foxnation: .@realDonaldTrump's First Full Month in Office Sees Biggest Jobs Gain 'In Years': Report:  news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA!   with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriendsFor eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriendsOur wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS!  construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program' you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriendsIs it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great showHow low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.  must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando.  should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!  AddressJoin me here:   is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story......intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!THANK YOU!#JointSession #MAGA🇺🇸 me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress   will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh: meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo…  dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse:   optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking  to CPAC!find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOWThe FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge'  much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities'  to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video:   named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! DishonestThe FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!Join me at 11:00am:Watch here:   Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule'  Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o…  CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace  me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets:…  to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference:   listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!  real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USAInformation is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like RussiaThis Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans.  by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'  parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:…  real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect…  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here:   meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada🇨🇦and th…  to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau!  I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce.  leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. LWhile on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMENThe crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea.  @Scavino45: LIVE Joint Statement by President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe:  working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!   and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today.  failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!LIVE:…  died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!  administration seen as more truthful than news media' in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries... Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far'  you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!…  increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won'  daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the…  will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv…  don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!  failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decisionWhat is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!We must keep "evil" out of our country!A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you!  was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billionIran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.Join me live from the @WhiteHouse. ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma…  was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting:  should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget  subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONESTThr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you!  Secretary Mattis!  on International Holocaust Remembrance Day:  Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support!  #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong!  be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Th…  jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!"@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight.  your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people.  today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:…  will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.…  will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today.  orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off…  meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA!  photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas!  be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!RT @WhiteHouse: "Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America."…A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸  ALL AMERICANS🇺🇸 to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain... is time to remember that... will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDayToday we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration  you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM…  me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!#Inauguration2017  Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!On my way! #Inauguration2017  American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.."It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.…  seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA  forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.…  was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." @WSJto the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!RT @EricTrump: Thank you to @GolfDigest for this incredible feature! "Golfer-in-Chief" @RealDonaldTrump   @MoskowitzEva: .@BetsyDeVos has the talent, commitment, and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It"  it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WPJohn Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!"@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class."At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!"@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media!Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do....@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologizeThank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANNmention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaineJames Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!"@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!!  ☀️☀️☀️Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!" THANKS!We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going onIntelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews  @MichaelCohen212: I have never been to Prague in my life. #fakenews  NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'  business optimism soars after Trump election'  Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980' you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay…  old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan.  said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after..."groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!RT @MeetThePress: Watch our interview with @KellyannePolls: Russia "did not succeed" in attempts to sway election  #…Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!"@FoxNews: "We certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don’t want politics interfe…  Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.   Very nice!I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; starboth countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!Happy Birthday @EricTrump! the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; HillaryWow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFOREHillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people.......time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow"@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: “It’s very dishonest.” #Hannity  More dishonest than anyone knowsJulian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you."Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America"  should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION. Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies" be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTSWith all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as itThe Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!RT @IvankaTrump: 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace, joy, love and laughter. Happy New…RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Happy new year everyone. #newyear #family #vacation #familytime  @EricTrump: 2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! My beautiful wife @LaraLeaTrump made it even better! 🇺🇸🇺🇸  @Reince: Happy New Year + God's blessings to you all.  Looking forward to incredible things in 2017!  @realDonaldTrump will Make America…RT @DanScavino: On behalf of our next #POTUS &amp; @TeamTrump-#HappyNewYear AMERICA🇺🇸 ALL AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we…  @realDonaldTrump: Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr! Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr! New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C.…  move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!My Administration will follow two simple rules:  say Trump delivered hope'  anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!#MerryChristmas  #Hanukkah  big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukesSomeone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont:  met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differentlyCampaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong statesBill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ..."@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!""@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official." Thank you Franklin!RT @DanScavino: #TrumpTrain🚂💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!Thank you Alabama! From now on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:…  @DanScavino: Join President-elect Trump LIVE from Mobile, Alabama via his #Facebook page! #ThankYouTour2016 Watch:  steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!"@EazyMF_E: @realDonaldTrump Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  Thank you!Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:…  Tonight- Orlando, Florida Tickets:  Mobile, AlabamaTickets:…  we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:   me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:   Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys!  you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch:…  @DanScavino: Join #PEOTUS Trump &amp; #VPEOTUS Pence live in West Allis, Wisconsin! #ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA  me this Saturday at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:…  thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!#ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis, WI. Thur: Hershey, PA. Fri: Orlando, FL. Sat: Mobile, AL. Tickets:…  F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!RT @FoxNewsSunday: Sunday-- our exclusive interview with President-elect @realDonaldTrump Watch on @FoxNews at 2p/10p ET Check your local…October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday!  @TrumpInaugural: Counting down the days until the swearing in of @realDonaldTrump &amp; @mike_pence. Check in here for the latest updates. #…A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true. by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:…  you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal…  me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate.  YOU IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016  me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am- Baton Rouge, LA. Tickets:  Grand Rapids, MI.Tickets:  my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets:  #ThankYouTour2016Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce duesChuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA…  pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago... will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:   New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you…  said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:   is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North Carolina Iowa Michiga…  the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development…  country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into...@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESSthese companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. SadOur great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday."@TigerWoods: Can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. –TW #heroworldchallenge" Great to have you back Tiger - Special!Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history – and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again!…  to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets:  ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!'Donald Trump is already helping the working class'  @DanScavino: Great interview on @foxandfriends by @SteveDoocy w/ Carrier employee- who has a message for #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump &amp; #VPE…'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts…  me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets:…  legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks CarrierI will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation' Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'  @DanScavino: Back to Cincinnati, Ohio this Thursday (12/1/16) at 7pm for #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump's #ThankYouTour2016! Join us! thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do."@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !""@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter."@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !"  @CNN still doesn't get it. They will never learn!"@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN"Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegallyTrump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sadthis election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will changeThe Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized DemsFidel Castro is dead!I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th…  crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General' Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'  meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not niceMany people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days.  have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behaviorThe Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no MexicoMy transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGAAustralia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easilyThe debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet  day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!  a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never beforeWatching the returns at 9:45pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA🇺🇸  @IvankaTrump: Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! #Election2…RT @EricTrump: Join my family in this incredible movement to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!! Now it is up to you! Please #VOTE for America!  @DonaldJTrumpJr: FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA #ElectionDay ht…Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight  let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!#ElectionDay   need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location:   TODAY! Go to  to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!…  WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!…  @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thanks New Hampshire!!! #NH #NewHampshire #MAGA  @detroitnews: .@IvankaTrump in Michigan: ‘This is your movement’   @realDonaldTrump  evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:…  news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:  you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:   on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!!  Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider' I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him' Trump'  love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and  tomorrow!Watch:…  my way!  landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!Watch here:…  you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI:   you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA…  you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch…  American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:…  you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch:   - 11/7/2016Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm. Rapids, Michigan at 11pm.…  you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16!   @IvankaTrump: Thank you New Hampshire! 🇺🇸  Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade:  night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here:…  @DanScavino: Join @realDonaldTrump LIVE in Denver, Colorado via his #Facebook page- we are here!!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸   you Reno, Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst…  me live in Reno, Nevada!  ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA • 2pm • 6pm • 9:30p…  Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics,’ No Vision:  Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!…  you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here:   me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm:  Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm:  AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI, watch here…  me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!Tickets:  me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE:   only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.…  you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:…  me live in Wilmington, Ohio! Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'…  you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc…  Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails: @TeamTrump: Mrs. Saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. @HillaryClinton did FAR WORSE &amp; is runnin…"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" #DrainTheSwamp me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm:  Tampa, Florida at 10am:  is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina!#ICYMI, watch here…  @PaulaReidCBS: .@CBSNews confirms FBI found emails on #AnthonyWeiner computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are "new" &amp; not p…Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets:   is unfit to serve.  you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going t…  my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.…  at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp  @T_Lineberger: Thanks @IvankaTrump for coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice…#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days  you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch…  decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp!  camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:  pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do." #DrainTheSwamp!  you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White…  for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all."@PYNance: Evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @CissieGLynch @SaysGabrielle  #Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump   So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Join me in Florida tomorrow!MIAMI•12pm  you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!…  @DanScavino: Join @realDonaldTrump LIVE in Wisconsin with Gov. @ScottWalker, @MayorRGiuliani, @Reince &amp; Coach Bobby Knight! LIVE:  emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp! urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged'  Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘There’s Something There'  Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:  promises special session to repeal Obamacare:  me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:  is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:…  terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!MIAMI•12pm  Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch:  #HillarycareFail  you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch:   Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt; basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing…  Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at 12pm: at 3pm:  rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampWatch rally:…  I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on  He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hopeThank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:…  you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:…  you tomorrow Michigan!Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon: MI tomorrow at 3pm:…  Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!Tickets:…  YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100…  nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!  Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here:    Vegas, NV- 11a:  CO- 4p:  NM- 7p:  "In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess." - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty"   Thank you Phil!I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!TICKETS:Golden:   you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to…  BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp  out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: WSJ:  The Cold Clinton Reality...  to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm:  Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm:  @Johnatsrs1949 FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police"RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: WSJ:  Grifters-in-Chief...   you Geneva, Ohio. If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr…  @TeamTrump on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA  Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp…  People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. @realDonaldTrump" Repeal and replace!I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA…  me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA  I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.…  you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!#ICYMI - watch here:   me live in Springfield, Ohio! ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp! ME! #MAGATODAY:Springfield, OH Toledo, OH Geneva, OH FRIDAY:Manchester, NH Lisbon, ME Cedar Rapids, IA agree, @MMFlint- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8.  Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President" Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment” Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals' lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE…  @EricTrump: Tune into @GMA right now to catch a great interview with my father &amp; the entire family! 🇺🇸 #VoteTrumpPence16  evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:…  you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:…  said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to…  ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm:  AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!#ICYMI- watch here:  you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:…  AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWordsI have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!…  your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp  is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailedTruly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA…  is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail   is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail    out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!  Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year: premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace!  election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats: crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA…  you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!  contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp  Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp  operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law' me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!Sanford at 3pm: at 6pm: YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!…  me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!…  to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG…  Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience'  West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:…  Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:…  out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43%Clinton 41%  are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife'  Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillary you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Full Naples rally…  attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay  me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets:   - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance!  Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’  you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president'  via @reviewjournalWell, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary ClintonThank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.Watch rally here:…  'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick' lays out policies for first 100 days in White House' Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems' arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now, LIVE via:  Clinton: 'Architect of failure'#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio.…  order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to  LET'S #MAGA!Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.…  has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA  Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List' you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp  in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain…  be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us:  Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm:  I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona ☉ #Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Trade…  Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to @BernieSanders #DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE  media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGATickets:…  you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:…  sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’  reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are'  Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it." #DrainTheSwamp   Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to #DrainTheSwamp!  IRONIC: "In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’"  crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon…  top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest.  “was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco” to Clinton Fdn.  crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th…  results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.Huma calls it a "MESS," the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.#DrainTheSwamp  &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare  addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR…  @EricTrump: On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote  @TeamTrump: When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER!  took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog…  won the third debate' RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher, NC @ 12pm.  OH @ 7pm.  - OHIO RALLY!Watch here:   access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay  you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!…  elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to…  didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.Thank you America! #MAGARasmussen National PollDonald Trump 43%Hillary Clinton 40%  landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to…  dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch:   Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP 77% (18,290)CLINTON 17% (4,100)#DrainTheSwamp #Debate  the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!  poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate  was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates  era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to…  cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruthI started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debateHILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp #Debate  @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate htt…We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp  has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen h…  economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp  we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates  has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #DebateI WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?#DrainTheSwamp  @TeamTrump: What They Are Saying About @realDonaldTrump's GREAT Debate and @HillaryClinton's Bad Performance htt…After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan:  @TeamTrump: "Her instincts are suboptimal." opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER.  #DrainTheSwamp  Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #DebateHILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI…  says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp  @TeamTrump: LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp  should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp  top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp  #DebateCrooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!   #BigLeagueTruth #DebateModerator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates  say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth  will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth  camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi!  is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate  to you by @HillaryClinton &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp  @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeague…Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessedCrooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c…  has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth#CrookedHillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth…  CHOICE IS CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp  @TeamTrump: #CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate  will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #DebateThis is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates   tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE.   talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth#Debates  has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate…  Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth.@HillaryClinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruthTime to #DrainTheSwamp!  has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate…  @POTUS - WE AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp  Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruthRT @TeamTrump: .@RealDonaldTrump wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is #AmericaFirst!…TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION#Debate #BigLeagueTruth  is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #DebatePlain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people.  of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGAHillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put…  are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthRT @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016  #2A#Debates  is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth  lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthRT @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp  2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthHillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp  to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGAThis is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate  in at  and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the…  will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgainUNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times:  250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare' my team tonight at 8:30pmE!  will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!…  am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp  premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!…  Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician' me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp Tickets:   Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp  Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp  works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp  surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'#DrainTheSwamp  State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp  Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:   is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender:   to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE…  is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp  Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp  rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll' @TeamTrump: It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system!  you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count…  KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at…  @EricTrump: Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!   Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks:  we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp  Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp.  will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC.  41% of American voters believe the  election could be "stolen" from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico"Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO…  J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C. FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation: rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:  more evidence of a media-rigged election:  wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:   me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA Tickets:  Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country d…  polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash"  Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal"  @TeamTrump: Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islamic terrori…Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.RT @TeamTrump: CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?Unbelievable.  @TeamTrump: 🚨BREAKING🚨: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents" proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!  have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!"@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump  Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax.  Terrible"@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing:  believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOPAnimals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOPWow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay- 6pm Springs- 1pm…  vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.  election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SADWe've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!  staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?  country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!  let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!  is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!"@davidshiloach: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!"Thank you for sharing Amy.  great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGAThank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A…  failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime…  in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.The truth is a beautiful weapon.  @DanScavino: Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the best spee…Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged electionWill be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGATickets:   election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all…  sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:…  you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA  THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:  you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA…  me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!#TrumpRally #MAGA me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally  @TeamTrump: "This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control ov…Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41%Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst  me in Ohio &amp; Maine!Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm:  Maine - Saturday @ 3pm…  phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets:…  MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @  &amp;…  people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary  little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;…  me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!West Palm Beach, FL at noon: OH this 7:30pm: @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to:  &amp; get ou…  REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at:  and get out to…  LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.  State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!  @DonaldJTrumpJr: 13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.Register:  hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!Wow. Unbelievable.  R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.RT @EricTrump: 13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.Register:  very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together,…  this really America? Terrible!  @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!Debate polls look great - thank you!#MAGA #AmericaFirst  is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.  Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nomineeThank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain    @mike_pence: Congrats to my running mate @realDonaldTrump on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we #MAGA.RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree @realDonaldTrump WON the #Debate- BIG LEAGUE! #MAGA  @DonaldJTrumpJr: Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. #debatesRT @TeamTrump: It’s US vs. them! @realDonaldTrump will fight for you! #BigLeagueTruth #DebatesMY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:✅Eliminate excessive regulations! ✅Lean government!✅Lower taxes!#Debates …  @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruthRT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that "dark unaccountable money" into her campaign. #debatesRT @TeamTrump: "She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people." - @RealDonaldTrump #BigLeag…RT @KellyannePolls: After a decent first debate, @HillaryClinton is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r…Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debateRT @DanScavino: WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!#TrumpTrain #Debates2016  “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #DebateThis country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #DebateWe agree @POTUS-"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President ObamaIf @HillaryClinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthFACT ✔️ on “red line” in Syria: HRC "I wasn’t there." Fact: line drawn in Aug ’12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ’13.  my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruthRT @TeamTrump: It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N…RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton had her chance and she BLEW IT. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates  @TeamTrump: "We are going to be THRIVING again." - @realDonaldTrump #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016  cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016  is the definition of ransom ⬇  world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest.  are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department.#Debates2016 #RattledHillary  @TeamTrump: #RattledHillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPS↔️FLOPS?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debat…RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. @realDonaldTrump is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! #D…History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone…  going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes! NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION"@HillaryClinton #Debates2016  @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #DebateI hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com…  - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016  #ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT."@Mike_Pence #MAGA  @TeamTrump: ONLY @realDonaldTrump will end what even @BillClinton called a CRAZY SYSTEM. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate  has FAILED all over the world! 􏰀 #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016  @realDonaldTrump: ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!#Debates2016  @TeamTrump: We agree with Bill, ObamaCare is “the craziest thing in the world.” #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016  : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #DebateWe must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGAObama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016  @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #DebatesHillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debateBasically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillaryIf I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.RT @TeamTrump: RT if you believe @HillaryClinton is the one who owes America an apology! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates  J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worseRT @TeamTrump: Quite simply, @HillaryClinton mistreats women. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate2016  not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruthRT @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump is here to talk about the REAL issues #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016  this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruthRT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton just claimed she has a "positive, optimistic view" for America. #Debates  team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgainJoin me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations.  Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued: Video–Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes,’ ‘Terrified’ of ‘Enabler’ Hillary  Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary: many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!"@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the "TRUMP TRAIN"!!""@maidaa17: @realDonaldTrump GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America."@CharleneOsbor17: @realDonaldTrump politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.""@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  "Republican leadership" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump.""@Jodygirl1010: @realDonaldTrump I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with #Trump! #dtmag  Thank you.EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes: support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!RT @atensnut: Hillary calls Trump's remarks "horrific" while she lives with and protects a "Rapist".  Her actions are horrific.RT @atensnut: How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGACertainly has been an interesting 24 hours!Here is my statement.  &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen…  Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee"New National Rasmussen Poll:  you Tennessee! #MAGA  #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16!  Trump: A President for All Americans'  to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great group at our Victory Office in Columbus, Ohio. I'm incredibly grateful to have so many…  @IvankaTrump: Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works. #Ohio  for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back – BIGGER, and BETTER, and S…  poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge:   Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement: a great honor!  rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put…  polling just out- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain…  VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!'Small business says Trump is their pick for president' you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:…  to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:…  morning- thank you @ICLV!  constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!RT @mike_pence: History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage. #VPDebate  @TeamTrump: RT if you agree - @HillaryClinton &amp; @timkaine are WRONG for America! #VPDebate #MAGA  @TeamTrump: .@timkaine's Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue #VPdebate  @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews"  So true!"@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department:  #BigLeagueTruth"@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for @realDonaldTrump".@HillaryClinton’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:  #VPDebate#BigLeagueTruthCLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA: #VPDebateRT @TeamTrump: Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy:-Bad nuclear deal-Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror-Sharing classifie…RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton &amp; @timkaine think you're #Deplorables &amp; #BasementDwellers. @realDonaldTrump &amp; @mike_pence think you're PATR…CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY: #VPDebateSanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate.@timkaine is wrong for defense:  #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebateICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED.  is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth  @TeamTrump: We need STRONG, BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like @mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump in the White House! #VPDebate #BigLeagueTrut…CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE: #VPDebateRT @GOP: In @timkaine's own words ⬇️ #Debates2016  and I will defeat #ISIS. #VPDebateWHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE DEBATE: #VPDebateI agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate "Police officers are the best of us..."@Mike_Pence.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruthRT @TeamTrump: “Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD." - @mike_pence #VPDebate #BigLeagu…"@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine."RT @TeamTrump: Law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. @mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump RESPECT &amp; stand by them!…RT @seanspicer: .@timkaine wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #VPDebate.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.…  @FrankLuntz @marthamaccallum @realDonaldTrump good!!""@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA""@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!"@carol_lcnixon67: @realDonaldTrump Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.""@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a "you're fired" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. @realDonaldTrump".@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!"@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!"@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies""@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!"RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked @HillaryClinton #VPDebates #BigLeagueTruth  @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagainRT @mike_pence: There’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. #VPDebate  @joshrogin: Pence is right. Clinton &amp; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an…"@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump""@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence💕""@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi".@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.Both are looking good! Now we begin!Here we go - Enjoy!I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do greatWow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!Join the MOVEMENT!  you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE…  childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means…  will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets:  me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGATickets:…  you Colorado! #MAGA  must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth…  you Pueblo, Colorado! #TrumpRally #AmericaFirst  me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA Tickets:  announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters."@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimesHeading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you.  believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas…  you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!…  you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain  me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of…  people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney…  you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript:…  me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallyTickets:   condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at:   me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA…  you Waukesha, Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:  @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just…  @TeamTrump: "She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too." #Fo…An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video:…  and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres... me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets:  on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:  evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha…  me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:…  again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!   @GOP: On National #VoterRegistrationDay, make sure you're registered to vote so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  ht…Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:  Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGA afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou  the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGAWell, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!Thank you for your endorsement, @GovernorSununu. #MAGA  a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou…  Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ:  you! #TrumpWon #MAGA  been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch'  #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats' really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN…  First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: 80%Clinton: 20%Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!…  you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61%Clinton 39%#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou…  #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA  just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad! #AmericaFirst #Debates2016  you Governor @Mike_Pence!Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst…  you Senator @TedCruz!#Debates2016 #MAGA  Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNight on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight  @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump calling out @HillaryClinton's support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. #Debates20…Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton.Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI…  @TeamTrump: 100% TRUE --&gt; @realDonaldTrump is right - @HillaryClinton did call TPP ‘the gold standard’ #Debates2016  Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA  2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight  @TeamTrump: Hillary's policies have made America less safe, that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed @realDonaldTrump!…RT @DanScavino: Jesse Jackson on @realDonaldTrump - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition. #DebateNight  will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA  @TeamTrump: When @realDonaldTrump is POTUS, families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED! #MAGA #Debates #De…RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: @realDonaldTrump on the stakes in this election #Debates2016  is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT!  Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight  has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati…  channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 yearsRT @TeamTrump: A @realDonaldTrump Administration will bring JOBS BACK! #Debates2016  isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?#DebateNight  @DanScavino: Join @realDonaldTrump on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as @TeamTrump manages rapid response…My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!#DebateNight #TrumpPence16RT @KellyannePolls: #Polls showing @realDonaldTrump surging, @hillaryclinton #slipping, have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:  #TrumpTrain…  sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:  forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up:   dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:…  Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes    @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA…  Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:…  Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy' Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA…  @dcexaminer: EXCLUSIVE: How Donald Trump's 30 million followers are crashing the Internet   with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN!  me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA be on @foxandfriends now.I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!"@ThAllenSBoucher: @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I love those beautiful gals." D + S = Two amazing women!.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!…  you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE…  @GMA: WATCH: @IvankaTrump on "women who work;" empowering campaign celebrates modern women.   the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF…  you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a…  you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together…  Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   you Georgia! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at   we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst  will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off'  Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:  again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!"@TarukMatuk: @CNN @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @RogerRice10 Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted."@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends  @realDonaldTrump he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!  @KellyannePolls: more media #polls showing @realDonaldTrump ahead in states Pres Obama won twice.  would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgustingThe failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia.  Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled" very interesting take from @KatiePavlich:  arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!  am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...  am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst  #TheDonald's hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16   So true!"@jimmyfallon: Tonight: @realDonaldTrump, @normmacdonald, a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonightInstead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!  be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!RT @EricTrump: What a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership!  will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA   you @JerryJrFalwell!  you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA   you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA  be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!"@ghfanlovessonny: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016" Thank you!I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst  evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:   to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!  you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:   you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:  you @ATFD17! #ImWithYouVideo:  poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst  you Ohio - see you tonight!  took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!  you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!  you @RepReneeEllmers!  @LouDobbs: Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the @FoxNews App @realDonaldTrump seems a candidate of destiny  CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript:   @IvankaTrump: Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the @WSJ this afternoon, read it here.  @realDonaldTrump  #AmericaFirst  @IvankaTrump: Ivanka is joining @realDonaldTrump to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to…Thank you Clive, Iowa! us today! Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets:   me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets:   Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGAStopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work!  be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.#NeverForget seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!RT @BarackObama: RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!"@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job @realDonaldTrump"Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:  #AmericaFirst  be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!  AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou  McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!RT @EricTrump: Join @TeamTrump on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!   Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN..@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA  wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain  nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou  Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!RT @DanScavino: Last nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets #MAGA!! Lets WIN!! #TrumpTrain  rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News.Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriendsThank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls!  you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst  - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!   Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realDonaldTrump #media biasI will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by @IvankaTrump, @LaraLeaTrump, @GenFlynn &amp; @MayorRGiuliani.  you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou  me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump   you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou  media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?"@Ler: Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!"Thank you! #AmericaFirst  a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst  to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst  you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA  #AmericaFirstVideo:   you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!  Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!"@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support @realDonaldTrump, as do I. #MAGA by sticking together."@tweak626: I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a @realDonaldTrump fan. Love it.""@ronnieclemmons: @ChrisCJackson @TakouiS @realDonaldTrump  Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big""@lblackvelvet: @realDonaldTrump We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!""@CherNuna: @realDonaldTrump It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.RT @DanScavino: Doesn't fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share what @realDonaldTrump did for Jesse Jackson in 1999 - so I will!  @realDonaldTrump @CNN CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!"Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me!   you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!  #ImWithYou  new poll Iowa - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou  visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou  you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016  numbers way up - making big progress!Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!Mexico will pay for the wall!Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst will be no amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou will pay for the wall - 100%!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou @LouDobbs: We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! @realDonaldTrump…RT @AnnCoulter: I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase, but Trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given.Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst  have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.RT @RSBNetwork: We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett, WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight! #TrumpinEverett  @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS POLL:  CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP...  you North Carolina! #MAGA  you America! #MAGA  Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! @realDonaldTrump  @mike_pence"From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYouTickets:   me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYouTickets:   #ImWithYou  will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare!   that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENTDoes anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere"@PMNOrlando: @realDonaldTrump I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room."@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling @cnn you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump  via @BreitbartNews""@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems  via @gatewaypunditInner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.RT @FoxNews: Poll: @realDonaldTrump vs. @HillaryClinton among white Evangelicals.  you Arizona! #VoteTrump  me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:   @realDonaldTrump America loves Trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillaryNATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION  was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery.  you Iowa! #ImWithYou  landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!"@GoldJazz559: #BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016 ‘No Regard For Black Race’  via @dailycaller #BlacksForTrump"@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!New polls - join the MOVEMENT today. #ImWithYou  us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16   be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYouThank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:  the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:  Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary  quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solveWonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communitiesThe Clinton's are the real predators... Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!""Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday  Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner  via dailycaller""@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor':  CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript:  Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument! Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promisePoll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!"@Trump_Videos: .@Nigel_Farage of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump  and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou  great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16  national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!   new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.Thank you Travis County, Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!  Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!   me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets:   Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.  on Clinton Foundation: be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!"@realbill2016: @realDonaldTrump @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll  @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!""@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K""@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16""@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.  heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful"  Good!"@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGAWill be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16  be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16  200,000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers.  are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.#StandWithLouisiana  Sleeping!!!!!Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16  job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrainThank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.  you Charlotte, North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #ThrowbackThursday  will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNewsWill be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!  are going to make this a government of the people once again!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!  vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou #ImWithYou you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou Tickets:  #ImWithYouVideo:   #ImWithYouTranscript:  be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainJust as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont:  is my pledge to the American people:  just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%'  health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning!   REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION."   Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never saidThe failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!"@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U" Thanks"@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice"@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres."@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain" ThanksI am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA  gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!"@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm"Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?"@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!"@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST @realDonaldTrump TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton   Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only @realDonaldTrump will change it"Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it!  you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest."@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  you Abingdon, Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA  will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!  thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESMMorning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock"@dbongino: ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment – HEATED!  desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16 you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16 you Wilmington, North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  @NRA: But there IS something we will do on #ElectionDay: Show up and vote for the #2A! #DefendtheSecond #NeverHillaryRT @NRA: .@RealDonaldTrump is right. If @HillaryClinton gets to pick her anti-#2A #SCOTUS judges, there’s nothing we can do. #NeverHillaryRT @Carl_C_Icahn: 2/2  How many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium…RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 1/2   Believe Trump gave a great speech."@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary""@sprts08: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!RT @FieldofFight: We Can Do Better, We Must Do Better, We Will Do Better By LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynn @GenFlynn  Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'   people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.Thank you Newt!   you Congressman Steven Palazzo!   you Senator David Perdue!  you @RepLouBarletta!  you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!   you!   you Alex!   @NFIB: .@NFIB encouraged by @realDonaldTrump’s #taxplan, says #smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate:  economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at:  "Will Media Apologize to Trump?"  Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN?  see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA  - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate' am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16  to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!Good luck #TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016  is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities' you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA  LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!#TrumpPence16 you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain   @DRUDGE_REPORT: FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED...  @DRUDGE_REPORT: 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'...  Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President. plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President.  disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence, Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm-    you Portland, Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay  meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you! @MaineGOP   forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA  you Jacksonville, Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou  you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA  YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  @mike_pence: Join me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you!Denver- 2pm Springs- 6pm incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!  raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset'  Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!RT @gatewaypundit: Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally  via @gatewaypun…#ICYMI: John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company:    me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm-  | 7pm-  IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP:  you Virginia! #ImWithYou  Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!  afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!  leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA  @DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally. #TrumpMovement #MAGA🇺🇸  numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm-  | 7pm-  the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard.  will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.  Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA  you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA  you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou  believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at:   with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!"@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope."The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNewsNATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer: NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.  is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings#CrookedHillary  Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!Carson City:   me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA3pm in OH:  in PA:  homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!'  are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country."@patrioticpepe: @realDonaldTrump ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016  you Denver, Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!#CrookedHillary Job Application  Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM  you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November!  a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal."  Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!  me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs:   Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.  am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16  dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!Thank you! Facebook:    Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillaryCrooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets:  "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:  policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!   warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win" to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA  household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.AMERICA'S FUTURE caved!  Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart  @realdonaldtrump"  Great!RT @mike_pence: Good morning! Join me in Lima, Ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. #MAGATickets:  @piersmorgan: Trump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails &amp; U.S. media goes insane with fury.He plays t…RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech...  Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC"@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE""@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that @realDonaldTrump will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly"Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  you Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA  right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far" new poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI:   one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. PatheticOur not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.  of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkellyFor the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGATickets:   us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!#TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets:   bombed last night! Sad to watch.Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was greatFunny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a differenceBernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16  you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16  AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16    POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGAThe State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes meWatched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed outIf the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wildThe @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECTThe Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpPence16  @realDonaldTrump Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it""@OliMauritania: @realDonaldTrump Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals  #HillaryKaine2016"Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGEDPocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?"@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain"I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRoveThank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16  can watch 360 video live from the podium!  #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThis is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE  you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016  job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLE than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE  AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  was packed, totally electric!.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. @Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst  Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE  you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE  you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst  #RNCinCLE  the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLEJohn Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE   #RNCinCLE  